Take care if ronaldinho ronaldinho
protect the triple the fall arriuca
did the lack of ronaldinho is miss pro
Flemish to charge almost in line with the
area now on the show is going to be soon
expelled is once again there the marcelo of
sousa it's easy to stay calm
took edu dracena shot arouca maroca
leaves the body just run over ronaldo
radio will say disco maybe luxembourg
Wishing yellow card by mouth.
scene that benefits what he did
Great game, I think you asked for Ronaldo.
hit the ball
Missed content discussed will tell you
that was to yellow card in the
arouca on the ronaldinho the flamengo has
an excellent opportunity in the team
luxemburgo complaining a lot is a game
which involves both technicians because the
big winners of Brazilian football
and has the ronaldinho gaucho made us
last seven eight years
the two greatest talents it represents
the essence of Brazilian football is
on the field ronaldinho and neymar and itaú
muricy ramalho with the auxiliary tata would have
violated thiago snows to stand up
left at 19 meters and 90
the ronaldinho to hit his right foot
flamengo players make a barrier to
front of the santos barrier that is
protecting left corner of rafael 22
in the second half it is game to take the
Breath attention ronaldinho beat
others hosted
the ronaldinho gaucho
Oe esse goleava christi do gauchinho
expected a healthy and
huge felipe rebeca without intelligence
rang in the corner to swing the net
of saints and leave everything equal on the scoreboard
that of those games that come to the
history of brazilian football four
for the saints 4 for the flamengo
the seventh goal of ronaldinho that is
Shooting Game Gunner
my friends from Brazil